Want to make incredible pixel art like
this in any size or perspective? Pixel
Lab just dropped a brand new model, and
it's a game-changer. Just head over to
pixellab.ai, [music]
hit your account, and jump into the
simple creator page. Look for our brand
new tool, create image small to XL new.
Let me show you how it works. Let's
[music] prompt, a top-down house with
crazy architecture, front-facing, strict
[music] top-down. Click the enhance with
AI button for a perfectly detailed
prompt. We'll set the direction to
south, the view to high top-down, size
to 256 by 256.
Hit transparent background and generate.
Look at those [music] details. Let's go
bigger. Prompt, a sci-fi top-down ship.
Hit AI enhance again. Crank the size to
512 by 512, and boom, beautiful. You can
even make full scenes. Just prompt, a
dialogue between two people, [music]
enhance it, set it to a wide 512 by 256,
[music] and look at that masterpiece. It
handles totally different aspect ratios,
too, like this 9 to 16 beautiful [music]
evil witch. Speed up your workflow and
bring your ideas to life faster than
ever. Try it out right now at
pixellab.ai.